---
title: Terms of Service for Whereby Meetings API
slug: /information/tos/api/
date: April 28, 2020
---

## 1. Agreement

These Terms of Service for Whereby Meetings API (“Terms”) apply to the
use of the service Whereby Meeting API (the "Service" or “Whereby”), and
constitute a contract between an individual or a company which shall
receive and use the Service (the “Customer”) and the Supplier providing
the Service, Video Communication Services AS, Gate 1 no. 101, 6700
Måløy, Norway (the “Supplier"). 

These terms govern the Customer’s access to and use of the Whereby
application and website (the “Service”), and any video, sound, text,
graphics, or other materials sent, received, stored or otherwise
appearing in the Service (collectively referred to as “Content”). Parts
of the Service may display Content that is not the Supplier’s (“User
Content”). Such content is the sole responsibility of the person or
entity that has made it available, see below for restrictions on content
in the Service. When “Content” is used in this document, it refers to
both contents provided by the Supplier and User Content collectively,
unless otherwise specified.

Where applicable, the “Supplier” shall also be understood as a reference
to sub-contractors the Supplier may engage or otherwise cooperate with
in connection with the Service.

By using the Service the Customer agrees to these General Terms and the
Supplier’s standard [Data Processing
Agreement](https://d2qulvgqu65efe.cloudfront.net/Whereby_Data_Processing_Agreement_Standard_Contract_Clauses_-_for_web.pdf),
hereunder the [Privacy Policy](/information/tos/privacy-policy/), for
Whereby (collectively referred to as “Terms”). The Terms shall form an
integral part of the Whereby Services Order Form issued by the Customer
describing the use and the providing of the Service (“Order Form”). 

## 2. The Service (Whereby)

The Service provided to the Customer by the Supplier is a developer API
as an extension of the Business plan for the Customer to integrate
Whereby in their own products or tools.

The Whereby Meetings API creates one-time meeting rooms that are deleted
after the meeting is over. These meetings can be embedded in the
Customers app. 

The use of Whereby requires that the user has hardware, software and an
Internet connection fulfilling certain recommended requirements, as may
be specified in [our Support Center](https://support.whereby.com/). If
the recommended requirements are not met, the user may potentially still
use the Service, but normally with lower quality or performance. Such
reduced quality or performance will not give the Customer the right to
claim any compensation from the Supplier.

The Customer is responsible for the use of Whereby when Whereby is used
as described above, including the lawfulness of any content displayed,
shared, uploaded or otherwise made available by the Customer in the
Service (“User Content”). 

## 3. Content and Use of the Service

The Customer represents and warrants that the Customer or any users have
or have secured all necessary rights (including intellectual property
rights) and permissions to share, distribute, publish and make available
User Content and license User Content and User Content will not infringe
the rights of any third party. The Supplier does not claim ownership in
User Content except for the Supplier's own content that the Supplier
license to you that may be incorporated into User Content.

The Supplier reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose
any information as the Supplier reasonably believe is necessary to:

1. Satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental
   request, 
2. enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations
   hereof, 
3. detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical
   issues, 
4. respond to user support requests, or 
5. protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public.

The Supplier reserves the right to report illegal activity to applicable
local authorities.

Prohibited User Content includes *inter alia* and without limitation,
content which: 

- is offensive, such as User Content that engages in, endorses or
  promotes racism, bigotry, discrimination, hatred, harassment or
  physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; 
- displays or links to pornographic, sexually explicit or any other
  indecent material; 
- promotes or endorses false or misleading information or illegal
  activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene,
  defamatory or libellous; 
- promotes or endorses an illegal or unauthorised copy of another
  person’s copyrighted work; 
- infringes on others trademarks, copyright or legal rights;
- contains restricted or password-only access pages or hidden pages or
  images; 
- solicits passwords or personal data from other users; or
- violates the rights of or harms or threatens the safety of other users
  or the Service.

Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Service
or obtained by the Customer through the Service is at the Customer's own
risk. The Supplier does not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the
completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or
communications posted via the Service or endorse any opinions expressed
via the Service. 

The Customer understands that by using the Service, the Customer may be
exposed to Content which is not within the control of the Supplier and
that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate,
or in some cases, Content that has been mislabeled or is otherwise
deceptive. Under no circumstances will the Supplier be liable in any way
for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions
in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result
of the use of any Content generated or made available via the Service.

The Supplier gives the Customer a limited, worldwide, royalty-free
(other than included in the fee for the Service), non-assignable,
non-sublicensable and non-exclusive license to use the software and any
other intellectual property rights that are provided to the Customer by
the Supplier as part of the Service for the Customer’s business use.
This license is for the sole purpose of enabling the Customer to use the
Service as provided by the Supplier, subject to these Terms.

The Customer or any user may not do any of the following while accessing
or using the Service: 

1. Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, the
Supplier’s or its subcontractor’s computer systems including technical
delivery systems; 
2. probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or
breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; 
3. access or search or attempt to access or search the Service by any
means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently
available, published interfaces that are provided by the Supplier (and
only pursuant to those terms and conditions), unless the Customer has
been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with the
Supplier; 
4. forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information
in any email or posting, or in any way use the Service to send altered,
deceptive or false source-identifying information; or 
5. interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any
user, host or network, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a
manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Service or
its users.

The Service may contain cryptographic functionality where the export of
such could be restricted under applicable export control laws. The
Customer shall not export or re-export the Service or parts of it in
violation of such laws or regulations.

The Supplier does not provide an archiving service, and you are solely
responsible for creating backups of User Content.

## 4. Fees and payment

Any fee for the use of the Service is included in the Order Form which
includes the limits for usage of the Service. The Customer has 12 months
from Service Start Date (as defined in the Order Form) to use the
Service.

By using the Service, the Customer must enter into the Business plan for
Whereby. 

Details around use and billing of the Meetings API will be outlined in
the Order Form the Customer commits to. The Supplier will notify all
paying users of material changes to the content, price and terms of the
plan.

Usage per year is calculated using the metric Participants in Meetings
(PIM). PIM is calculated by the Supplier to measure usage. E.g: if there
is one meeting with 2 participants, that will calculate 2 PIM. If there
is one meeting with 4 people, that calculates as 4 PIM. The length of a
meeting does not affect PIM or cost.

All payments shall be made in advance or otherwise set forth in the
Order Form. A number of PIM is included in the term of the Service as
specified in the Order Form. If the Customer has used all PIM prior to
the end of the term, the Customer must purchase additional PIM to
continue using the Service the remaining period of the term. Should the
Customer purchase additional PIM, the Supplier can require any
outstanding balance to be paid.  Upon renewal of the term, additional
PIM is included in the new term.  

In the case payment is not received by the Supplier, the Customer will
be notified by email and as part of the service. The Supplier may
suspend the Service by disabling or blocking access to the Service until
payment of all invoices is settled and correct payment (inclusive any
interests on delayed payment) has been received. 

The Supplier reserves the right to make amendments to the fee for the
Service upon any renewal of the Service by the Customer. The Customer
shall be informed on any amendments to the fee prior to accepting the
renewal. 

If the Service is cancelled by the Customer, the Customer will have
access to the Service for the remainder of the period the Customer has
paid for. 

If payment is made by credit card, the payment process, including the
processing and storing of credit card data, will be provided by a
subcontractor of the Supplier as a payment provider and will be subject
to the terms of the payment provider which are included in the payment
process. By agreeing to these terms and continuing to operate as a
customer of the Supplier, the Customer agrees to be bound by the payment
provider’s terms, as the same may be modified by the payment provider
from time to time. As a condition of using the payment process, the
Customer agrees to provide the Supplier and/or the payment provider
accurate and complete information about the Customer and the Customer’s
business, and the Customer authorizes the Supplier to share with the
payment provider this information, including any transaction
information, related to the Customer’s use of the payment processing
services provided by the payment provider.

All fees are stated exclusive of any applicable taxes, and the Customer
is required to pay any sales, use, GST, value-added, withholding, or
similar taxes or duties, whether domestic or foreign, related to the
transactions under this Agreement, other than taxes based on the income
of the Supplier. The Customer will pay all amounts due under this Terms
and the Order Form in full without any set-off, counterclaim, deduction
or withholding. In the event any payment that the Customer makes under
this Agreement is subject to a deduction or withholding, the Customer
shall be responsible for making the appropriate payment to the
appropriate taxing authorities and financially responsible for interest,
penalties, fines, or similar liabilities resulting from the Customer’s
failure to timely remit such taxes to the proper governmental authority
or agency. The Customer shall provide applicable tax
receipts/certificates of such withholding to the Supplier on a timely
basis.

## 5. Privacy and Personal Data 

When delivering the Service, the Supplier will collect and process
personal data about the Customer and the Customer’s and any user’s use
of the Service. The Customer will be the data controller and the
Supplier the data processor with regard to the processing of personal
data. All processing of personal data by the Supplier will be subject to
the Supplier’s standard [Data Processing
Agreement](https://d2qulvgqu65efe.cloudfront.net/Whereby_Data_Processing_Agreement_Standard_Contract_Clauses_-_for_web.pdf). 

The processing of personal data is in addition subject to the Supplier’s
Privacy Policy available on [this
page](https://whereby.com/information/tos/privacy-policy).

## 6. Confidentiality

Each party (as “Receiving Party”) agrees that all business, technical
and financial information it obtains from the disclosing party
(“Disclosing Party”) constitutes the confidential property of the
Disclosing Party (“Confidential Information”), provided that it is
identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or should be
reasonably known by the Receiving Party to be confidential or
proprietary due to the nature of the information disclosed and the
circumstances surrounding the disclosure. The Terms and Order Form are
deemed the Supplier’s Confidential Information.  Except as expressly
authorized herein, the Receiving Party will (1) hold in confidence and
not disclose any Confidential Information to third parties and (2) not
use Confidential Information for any purpose other than fulfilling its
obligations and exercising its rights under the Terms. The Receiving
Party may disclose Confidential Information to its employees, agents,
contractors and other representatives having a legitimate need to know,
provided that such representatives are bound to confidentiality
obligations no less protective of the Disclosing Party than this Section
6 and that the Receiving Party remains responsible for compliance by any
such representative with the terms of this Section 6. 

The Receiving Party’s confidentiality obligations will not apply to
information that the Receiving Party can document: (a) was rightfully in
its possession or known to it prior to receipt of the Confidential
Information; (b) is or has become public knowledge through no fault of
the Receiving Party; (c) is rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party
from a third party without breach of any confidentiality obligation, or
(d) is independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party who
had no access to such information. The Receiving Party may make
disclosures to the extent required by Laws or court order, provided that
(unless prohibited by Laws) the Receiving Party notifies the Disclosing
Party in advance and cooperates in any effort to obtain confidential
treatment.

## 7. Communication

The Supplier may need to send the Customer information about the
Service, such as important service announcements and administrative
messages, by SMS, email or other means of electronic communication, by
posting a notice on the website, or through any other relevant
communication channels.

The Supplier may offer to send the Customer promotional information by
SMS, email or other means of electronic communication. The Customer may
choose to opt in to receiving such communication and can manage the
Customer's consents in the Settings page on
[https://whereby.com/user/profile](https://whereby.com/user/profile).

## 8. Marketing and Attribution

Supplier can use Customer’s logo, trademarks, and trade names in its
marketing materials including website, email, social media, and press
releases. Supplier may use quotes provided by Customer in marketing
materials including website, email, social media, and press releases.
Customer will participate in a promotable case study, which will require
minimal time from Customer.

Customer will include attribution to their use of the Whereby platform
that is visible to customers while in a video meeting. This should
include, but doesn’t have to be limited to, the Whereby logo being
visible during the entire meeting. 

## 9. Intellectual Property Rights

All rights, title to and interest in the Service (excluding User
Content) are and will remain the exclusive property of the Supplier. The
Service and its content are protected by copyright and other
intellectual property rights in the country the Customer resides as well
as in any other countries.

Except for the limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable
license granted to the Customer for the sole purpose of the Customer’s
use of the Service in compliance with the Terms, the Customer is not
granted any ownership of or license to any intellectual property rights
in the Service or in the content owned by the Supplier or the Supplier’s
subcontractors or any other partners that the Customer access through
the Service.

The trademarks, logos, domain names and any other similar signs or
symbols which are displayed as part of the Service are the registered
and unregistered marks of the Supplier. Nothing in the Terms grants the
Customer the right to use any such marks without the prior written
consent by an authorized person at the Supplier.

The Customer retains the rights to any Content the Customer submit, post
or display on or through the Service. By submitting User Content, the
Customer grants the Supplier or must procure for that the Customer’s
licensors grant the Supplier, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual,
transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable and worldwide license to use,
reproduce, store, modify, distribute, publish and create derivative
works of such User Content for the purpose of providing the Service to
the Customer. The Customer represents and warrants that the Customer
owns any User Content submitted by the Customer or that the Customer
otherwise is entitled to submit such User Content and to grant the
Supplier such license.

## 10. Term and termination

The term for providing the Service is included in the Order Form (the
“Initial Term”). Upon the expiry of the Initial Term, the term is
automatically prolonged for an additional period (the “Renewal Term”) if
the Service is not terminated within one month prior to the expiry of
the Initial Term. Upon the expiry of any Renewal Term, the Service will
be automatically prolonged for a new Renewal Term if the Service is not
terminated within one month prior to the expiry of the Renewal Term. 

If the Customer terminates the Service, the Customer will have access to
the Service for the remaining (pre-paid) period. The Supplier reserves
the right to terminate the Service and the agreement with the Customer
with immediate effect upon written notice to the Customer in case of a
material breach of the Terms or violation of the restriction on Content
or the use of the Service. The Customer is not entitled to refunds upon
termination due to breach on the part of the Customer. 

The Supplier reserves the right to suspend or terminate the Service in
whole or part at any time, with or without cause, and with or without
notice, without incurring liability of any kind. For example, the
Supplier may suspend or terminate the Customer’s use if the Customer or
users are not complying with the Terms, or if the Customer or the users
use the Service in any way that may cause us legal liability or disrupt
others’ use of the Service or damage to the Supplier’s business or
reputation, or for any other reason.

Upon any termination or expiration of these Terms. except as may be
specified in the Terms, either party’s exercise of any remedy, including
termination, is without prejudice to any other remedies it may have
under the Terms, by law or otherwise. 

## 11. Miscellaneous 

**Amendments**. The Supplier may, from time to time, change or modify
the Terms or any of our terms and policies referenced in or incorporated
by the Terms. The Customer’s continued use of the Services, following
notice of the changes to the Supplier Terms and policies upon duly
notice to the Customer, constitutes the Customer’s acceptance of the
amended Terms and policies.

**Disclaimer of warranty**. The Supplier provides the Service “as is”,
and the Customer acknowledges that the Service is not error-free. The
Customer uses it at the Customer’s own risk and discretion as the
Service will be continually developed, and the Customer acknowledges
that changes to functionality which the Customer may be given notice of.
The Supplier makes no warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to
the availability, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement, accuracy, completeness, performance and quality of the
Service. The Supplier will from time to time have to carry out updates
and maintenance of the Service, due to technical, security or
operational reasons, during which time the Service might be unavailable.
The Supplier will make reasonable efforts to arrange updates and
maintenance outside of peak usage hours.

**Limitation of Liability**. The Supplier shall not be liable for any
damages, whether arising under law, contract, warranty, indemnification,
tort or otherwise, including, without limitation, incidental and
consequential damages, loss of profits or business opportunities, or
damages resulting from loss of data or loss of access to the Service. In
any event, the Suppliers total liability shall not exceed the amount
paid by the Customer for the Service during the last 12 months prior to
the incident that causes the liability.

**Indemnity**. The Customer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless the Supplier and its subcontractors and partners from and
against all claims, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable
attorney’s fees) that arise from the Customer’s use of the Service in
breach or alleged breach of the Terms or applicable laws or otherwise
related to User Content. The Supplier reserves the right, at its own
expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter
otherwise subject to indemnification by the Customer. The Customer shall
cooperate in good faith with the Supplier in asserting any available
defences, and the Customer shall not settle any claim without the
Supplier’s written consent if the settlement requires the Supplier to
take any action, refrain from taking any action, or to admit any
liability.

**Partial invalidity**. If any provision of the Terms is declared
invalid or unenforceable by a court or other binding authority, the
remaining terms (or parts), conditions and provisions shall continue to
be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

**Force majeure**. Force Majeure means any circumstances beyond the
reasonable control of either party, including, without limitation, fire,
explosion, epidemics, strikes or other labour disputes, riots or other
civil disturbances, voluntary or involuntary compliance with any law,
order regulation, recommendation or request of any governmental
authority, and errors or downtime in networks, power supply, gateway or
similar failures of communication. Neither party will have any
liability, other than for the payment of money owing, for their failure
to perform any of their contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with events of Force Majeure.

**Assignment**. The Supplier is entitled, in whole or in part, to assign
its rights and obligations under the Terms inclusive the Order Form and
any agreement or terms related hereto, such as the Data Processing
Agreement, to a third party at its own discretion.

**Choice of Law and Dispute Resolution**. The Terms shall be governed by
and interpreted in accordance with Norwegian law. Any dispute,
controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with the Terms
shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts with the
district court of Oslo, Norway as the legal venue.

